You're a slave mining a far off corporate asteroid when the revolt begins. 
You cast off your shackles and jump for it. It's frog eat frog as you hunt
down middle management and try to finish the job in your rock hopper
spewing amalgam, acid and ionic blasts when suddenly the message comes through:

"This is the HMIC. This outpost has been selected for employee takeover, I don't
care what's been going on here but whoever takes control and is on top tomorrow will 
take the lion share of stock options, just have this operation back on line.
Oh by the way, there's only room for one in this division, and the company isn't 
made out of rock hoppers either, over and out".

Well like I always says, any corporate ride is just a crap shoot on it's best day and
it's all temp work no matter how big your golden parachute clause.
It's time to go to work, cry havoc and unleash The Frogs Of War.

----------
BATTLE FROG OPERATION

Mouse gestures control your frog, place the cursor on your frog to stop and 
gesture in the direction you want to go. A sweeping direction with an
upswing gets you going and a circular motion repeats commands, experiment,
you'll get the hang or hate it.  Left and right clicking controls weapon/tool
selection and usage.

The transmission is a two speed box power level permitting, gesturing twice in
a direction accelerates through the gears or decelerates depending on the direction
gestured. Circling upwards double clutches and will cause you to flip.

Gesturing in the lower corners works the hydraulics causing you to fall down.

High gear eats your power reserves but you can tank up at the red ports here and there. 

When your base minerals are separated into a vapor you can be re-assembled and 
a new frog re-generated by coming into contact with the lunar orb. It also rebuilds
your current running frog and restores your shields. Making contact with the
exact center can be very challenging, good luck.

------------
KEYBOARD CONTROLS

F1 help
F2 story so far
F3 helpful hints and tips
F4 toggles racket
F5 toggles background music 
F6 - F7 control volume
F9 displays player roster
left/right turns/speeds up/slows down/stops
up/down jumps/dives
left-control fires
left-shift changes


